README.md, before:

# ABS

Non-intrusive access monitoring scenario using attribute based signatures.

## Requirements

* **Python 3.6** (verified to work) or possibly newer (untested) with the included base libraries
* Libraries **charm-crypto**, **netfilterqueue**, **numpy**, **fire** and **scapy** and their respective requirements
* Install charm-crypto in linux: https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/447934026
* sudo apt install libnfnetlink-dev libnetfilter-queue-dev(Install **netfilterqueue**)



## Fix
  ### There are two issues in the PolicyParser of charm-crypto.
  * It will parse “age AND test” and generate nodes like 'AGE' and 'TEST', which will cause KeyError in python.
  * It will parse "AGE<18" to "AGE" “<” “18”.
  ### Solution
  * charm/toolbox/node.py   Class BinNode func _init_: delete upper().
     line 24:   self.attribute = value
  * charm/toolbox/policy_tree.py  func getBNF:add Combine to leafConditional.
     line 58: leafConditional = Combine(Word(alphanums) + BinOperator + Word(nums)).setParseAction( parseNumConditional) 
## Usage

1. Configure addons by editing ABSSetup.py (JSON support may come later)
2. Run `$ sudo iptables -A OUTPUT -p tcp -j NFQUEUE` to send packets to the NFQUEUE handler.
3. Start the server process via `$ sudo python3.6 ABSSentinel.py` which gives you the port number (host is the IP of the machine running it).
4. Start the client process as `$ sudo python3.6 ABSClient.py serverhost serverport networkalias` where:
* `serverhost` and `serverport` are self-explanatory.
* `networkalias` is the IP address representing the client in the packets sent to/from the client. This is for enabling NAT support.
5. When finished, stop the processes via Ctrl-C and run `$ sudo iptables -D OUTPUT -p tcp -j NFQUEUE` to stop the packet handler


## Test

*  setup attributes = ['AGE<18','ECCENTRIC','LAZY','VIOLENT','ATTR2','test','test1','SKILLFUL'] now (we can add new attributes without setup again)
1. python3 MathABS.py generateattributes "id" "attr1 attr2 attr3 ..."
2. python3 MathABS.py sign "id" "attr1 attr2 attr3 ..." "message" "policy"
3. python3 MathABS.py verify "id" "signpolicy" "message" "policy"

* user can apply his/her attribute key once and sign every policy which his/her attribute key satisfy.

Commit message:

Add Dockerfile, Update README.md and Wrap ABS in a web server

README.md, after:

# ABS

Non-intrusive access monitoring scenario using attribute based signatures.

## Requirements

* **Python 3.6** (verified to work) or possibly newer (untested) with the included base libraries
* Libraries **charm-crypto**, **netfilterqueue**, **numpy**, **fire** and **scapy** and their respective requirements
* Install charm-crypto in linux: https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/447934026
* sudo apt install libnfnetlink-dev libnetfilter-queue-dev(Install **netfilterqueue**)



## Fix
  ### There are two issues in the PolicyParser of charm-crypto.
  * It will parse “age AND test” and generate nodes like 'AGE' and 'TEST', which will cause KeyError in python.
  * It will parse "AGE<18" to "AGE" “<” “18”.
  ### Solution
  * charm/toolbox/node.py   Class BinNode func _init_: delete upper().
     line 24:   self.attribute = value
  * charm/toolbox/policy_tree.py  func getBNF:add Combine to leafConditional.
     line 58: leafConditional = Combine(Word(alphanums) + BinOperator + Word(nums)).setParseAction( parseNumConditional) 
## Usage

1. Configure addons by editing ABSSetup.py (JSON support may come later)
2. Run `$ sudo iptables -A OUTPUT -p tcp -j NFQUEUE` to send packets to the NFQUEUE handler.
3. Start the server process via `$ sudo python3.6 ABSSentinel.py` which gives you the port number (host is the IP of the machine running it).
4. Start the client process as `$ sudo python3.6 ABSClient.py serverhost serverport networkalias` where:
* `serverhost` and `serverport` are self-explanatory.
* `networkalias` is the IP address representing the client in the packets sent to/from the client. This is for enabling NAT support.
5. When finished, stop the processes via Ctrl-C and run `$ sudo iptables -D OUTPUT -p tcp -j NFQUEUE` to stop the packet handler


## Test

*  setup attributes = ['AGE<18','ECCENTRIC','LAZY','VIOLENT','ATTR2','test','test1','SKILLFUL'] now (we can add new attributes without setup again)
1. python3 MathABS.py generateattributes "id" "attr1 attr2 attr3 ..."
2. python3 MathABS.py sign "id" "attr1 attr2 attr3 ..." "message" "policy"
3. python3 MathABS.py verify "id" "signpolicy" "message" "policy"

* user can apply his/her attribute key once and sign every policy which his/her attribute key satisfy.

## Docker ABS-server
you can choose to build image locally or pull from docker hub:
- Build image locally:
```bash
docker build -t abs-server .
```
- Pull from docker hub:
```bash
docker pull kasemdocker/abs
```

### Usage

```bash
docker run -p 80:5000 -d kasemdocker/abs:latest
```
